Cleanup ota reference manual (#635)
foundriesio/docs: source/reference-manual/ota/device-tags.rst

Device Tags
===========

The Foundries.io™ version of aktualizr-lite includes a concept called "device tags".
This helps you maintain better control over your fleet.
Each device can subscribe to a list of tags.

> If specified, a device will only apply updates from TUF which include a tag from its list.

Author: I take it the example needs updating as well? Where can I find reference info so as to properly update this section?

> If specified, a device will only apply updates from TUF which include a tag from its list.

Reviewer: FWIV the example itself is valid, only this paragraph needs change.

```suggestion
The Foundries.io™ version of aktualizr-lite includes a concept called "device tags".
This helps you maintain better control over your fleet.
Each device can subscribe to a specific tag.
If specified, a device will only apply updates from TUF which match the device's tag.
```
